the lost portal recordings where stolen on valentiens night in aradsterdam. i reflect on my body. i think about attempting to eat my last sandwich, but I don't have the energy. i reflect on the john sterling ending where the Awefully Bedded Liches crawl out the sea just as the headinburger 

then i just want to talk to you normally. and stay stuff like since you administer sandwiches, and I have a line of broken teeth, and well would you mind writing a letter to my hosting provider and explaining to them why i cant afford to pay my bill.

and then that sounds bad. like im making you responsible for my life. or assuming that whatever 

i think it's not a wild stretch of the imagination to say that the easiest way for me to afford my own sandwich tomorrow would be for you to administer my disagreement with my hosting provider, while I do the remaining four hours of my day in the morning. does the only reason i really feel like getting out of bed tomorrow is the thought that you might want to go for picnic near the river. 

i think about computer games. I like writing. i don't really know many stories, at least i used to not. but i always forget voices and words. never movement. sometimes when i am happy i dance like them, even when I have not thought about them in hundreds of years.

i'm starting to forgot .

can you write something to me again please, so that i have something outside of myself to think 


we where too poor to make a modern job application in the traditional manner so we made this stupid website

teeth - funfair entrance.

you make a {{recipee.name:'pickled pinion sandwich 

there are three words number lines logic anaysl

rhytme color spacial awarenesss - right hand side

creativity involveds logic

the words have to go like this, 

you arrive on the webpage

it has a large image with a control panel

on the left hand side is in game meta data

along the bottom is a control panel. 

it lets you see which items you have collected.

it also lets you choose between interacting with your in game environment with your hands feet or items

the first level will involve three choices

you can do some exercise-  this will involved the following logic
a 50px square grid of buttons 
each button will have a class $('.grid_button').on('mousover', runcollisionlogic(this?)) and a data attribute <button data-whatdoesitdo="whatdoesitdo" class="grid-mousover">|||</button>

function runcollionslogic(input){
  if ($(input).data('contains-interactivity'){

  }); // The nice thing about daydreaming

  now im panicing cos the timer is going down

  action

  it's okay i think to write the instructions as you go along


}